ok tube i'm back with this final review
on this hair from diamond dynasty virgin
here this is two bundles of my hair
sticking up this is two bundles of
Eurasian straight 14 inches I'm going to
get into the pros and crop cross the
pros and cons of this hair and let you
know about it to see if you want to
purchase it or not notice is not a
sponsored video like i said before i
bought it with my own money on a black
friday sale and the two bundles came up
eighty eight dollars so yeah so this
hair color I did myself and I did it all
with box color so this hair has no
bleach in it at all whatsoever I use
three different colors took a while and
I'm gonna let you know what happened to
the hair after that but the hair did
take the color very well as you can see
i really like the color that it came out
so it was worth the extra effort in my
hair just keep sticking up right here
but oh well who cares so i did these
loose curls just a few minutes ago to
hear and freshly washed flat ironed and
curled um they're very loose because the
fact that i just washed in flat ironed
it so for it to hold the curl which it
holds the curl very very well at least
like two days basically I feel like even
if I sleep on the curls it will be like
loose wave so whatever if I do like type
[Music]
long curls this is just like a big
barrel like Kim K ish state um I cannot
talk today type curl or whatever so yeah
I did these Justin out of here as
freshly washed well let me get into the
pros and cons so the pros about this
hair takes color well minimal shedding
what else the ends were really great
when I first got the hair to look at my
initial review dance was really really
good I feel like the hair is not like
thin for just only be to bundle it looks
really good to me doesn't look thinner
not doing that the price was really good
after like this company is definitely
affordable it's like a step up to me
from Aliexpress a step one step up from
Aliexpress definitely I would say this
hair is pretty good and that's pretty
much it for the pros so for the cons
like I said it was a pro and a con
minimal shutting but I get shedding
whenever I brushes hair out especially
after I wash it I get minimal should I
not really have you shouting another
thing is that the top of my hair I don't
know if you could see that the top of my
hair like feels brutal right here where
the beards are and I never experienced
that with any hair not even like
Aliexpress here so that's a little weird
to me I did no processing app and it's
not my normal hair that feels brittle is
just the actual the weep I think it's
the beards itself maybe they're short or
something like that so when I did call
it a hair like I said I use three
different colors three different box
dies three different times so the end
they get a bit front
[Music]
you can't tell now but when I wash it on
it gets pretty like thick when I blow
dry it and the ends are definitely fried
but I guess that's my fault but I feel
like if this virgin hair should be able
to take color especially box that's why
I do not want to put bleach on this here
because I already knew like oh maybe the
hell would get fried and brittle and all
that kind of stuff but for the most part
once you flat iron in it
[Music]
curl it or whatever you really don't
notice the ends at all try and think
what else about this here this here is
not really little maintenance I'll wake
up every day and I have to flat iron his
hair because I don't wrap the hair of
course that's just Meeks I'm lazy but um
the hair does get I have to flat on it
every single morning so this is not like
get up and gold hair low maintenance
unless you do have it curl the day
before you can just add a few more curls
or refresh the curls or whatever then it
will be low maintance if you keep it
curled if it's straight then I'm going
to add some pictures and if the hair
when it's straight it does get bone
straight for that it's already straight
here anyway but the fact that it curled
and the curls do stay that's like a
bonus with his hair put that in the
client I mean a pro category um what
else about this here this is my final
review like I said I didn't say but I
will be taking this hair out next month
basically to get a new style because my
son will be done finished I need to get
a new hair but other than that I like
this hair if I had to give it a great i
probably give it like a b-minus just
because of the fact that when I colored
it it's a color well but like i said the
ends was frizzled got fried a little bit
and another thing to which is weird that
it takes this here so long to dry like
when I'm blow drying it's unusually it
takes so long like either longer than my
kinky straight you've on here I actually
like my aliexpress you have on here
better than I like this here if I didn't
color it then I would like it a lot
better but I always color my hair so
like I said virgin hair you should be
able to color it with no problem but
maybe it was my fault for frying
because coloring it so much but I
thought maybe you could take a bit you
know so yeah if you like this color let
me know down below i'll definitely let
you know what colors I use the
processing time I could make a separate
video on it if you guys want and the
other than a like I said this is diamond
dynasty virgin here I got this here on a
black friday sale two bundles with
eighty eight dollars they always have
sales on the website if you go look
definitely this is a step up from
Aliexpress hair but like i said if you
want something i didn't say this but I'm
gonna say it now if you want something
as a stuff up up above aliexpress here i
would say check out my other view for
got limbs hair keisha Kaylee's hair on
youtube I had really good low
maintenance last a long time I actually
gave their hair somebody else and she
loved it color wise it took great so
like I said if you want something step
up above aliexpress you would get this
here and it's affordable definitely I
don't know how long it would last you
are probably gonna reinstall this
another time and maybe I don't know if
I'll cut a little bit shorter but do
something with it I probably wouldn't
color over because it took so long just
to get this hair this color so yeah
definitely and yes our but i would
recommend this hair for somebody that's
looking for like affordable hair yeah
it's basically any questions please
leave them down below i'll be doing a
new hair of you once i get my hair done
I'm gonna put in my Bella Brie here
which I can't wait I'm gonna color that
hair they're gonna be so nice like you
know cuz Bella Brie here is like one
point so definitely check that out and
I'll see you guys soon bye